# README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...

How to add/remove/edit sites for BUFKIT, METAR, Surface Observations and Archive URLs:
Cleveland's settings will be left in as an example of how to properly format each type of data collection

BUFKIT:
    First, collect all the desired sites, including their k prefix if they contain one, but do not add the k if it does not (Ex: le1)
    Type out all the sites in the format of ["kcle", "keri", "kbuf", ...]. ##MUST BE ALL LOWERCASE##
    Please pay attention to the order in which you typed those sites as the order must remain the same across all files you will edit.
    Copy this list in its entirety, including the [ ].
    Replace the existing list in lib/assets/getBufkit.py on line 33 with this list.
    Replace the existing list in app/controllers/lake_effect_snow_events_controller.rb on line 5 with this list.
    Replace the existing list in app/controllers/bufkits_controller.rb on line 36 with this list.
    Replace the existing list in app/views/bufkits/index.html.erb on line 3 with this list.
    Replace the existing list in app/views/lake_effect_snow_events/show.html.erb on line 64 with this list.

    When simply adding or removing a site to an existing list, just add the ', "ksite"' to the end of all 5 lists.
    After this is done, the bufkit data can be generated, do note that you may have to refresh the page for changes to fully take effect.
    Otherwise, some tables may be displaying that should not, or old columns may still persist until a clean refresh is completed.

METAR:
    First, collect all desired sites, they must all be fully capitalized.
    Type out all the sites in the format of ["CLE","ERI","BUF", ...].
    Please pay attention to the order in which you typed those sites as the order must remain the same across all files you will edit.
    Copy this list in its entirety, including the [ ].
    Replace the existing list in lib/assets/getMetar.py on line 39 with this list.
    Replace the existing list in app/controllers/lake_effect_snow_events_controller.rb on line 9 with this list.
    Replace the existing list in app/views/lake_effect_snow_events/show.html.erb on line 52 with this list.

    Follow the same rules as the BUFKIT instructions when adding or removing sites, and refreshing the page.

Surface Observation DB + Links:
    First, collect all desired site IDs (5 digit identifier number)
    Then, collect all desired WFO abbrevations in the SAME ORDER
    Type out all the sites in the format of ["XXXXX", "XXXXX", ...].
    Type out all the WFO abbrevations in the format of ["CLE", "BUF", "DTX", ...]
    Please pay attention to the order in which you typed those sites as the order must remain the same across all files you will edit.
    Copy the site ID list in its entirety, including the [ ].
    Replace the existing list in lib/assets/getRealObs.py on line 14 with this list.
    Replace the existing list in app/controllers/lake_effect_snow_events_controller.rb on line 13 with this list.
    Cope the WFO Abbrevation list  in its entirety, including the [ ].
    Replace the existing list in app/views/lake_effect_snow_events/show.html.erb on line 41 with this list.

    Following the same rules as BUFKIT and METAR instructions, when adding or removing sites, and refreshing the page.
    This section of the guide will work for both the data collection aspect and the surface observation links that are autogenerated per event.

Non-Surface Observation Archive Links
    Replace the existing WFO identifier in app/controllers/lake_effect_snow_events_controller.rb on line 17 with your WFO code.
    

